Add neural-net parameter tests (#13)
sebapersson/petab_sciml: test_cases/README.md

* That the simulated values are correct from solving the model forward in time.
* Gradient correctness. Especially with SciML models, computing the gradient can be challenging as computing the Jacobian of the ODE model can be tricky, or to get the gradient of a neural network that sets model parameters.

## Initialization tests

> These tests verify that nominal parameter values are read correctly and that `initializationPriorType` is correctly implemented. To be noticed, these tests covers that, following the SciML extension, users can set values and/or priors for specific layers (e.g., via `netId.layerId` in the parameters table) or parameter arrays (e.g., `netId.layerId.bias`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests verify that nominal parameter values are read correctly and that `initializationPriorType` is correctly implemented. N.B.: these tests include cases where values or priors are specified for specific layers (e.g., via `netId.layerId` in the parameters table) or parameter arrays (e.g., `netId.layerId.bias`) of a neural net.
```
